Update Fork (#25)
hvanyo/Bodiless-JS: packages/cx-templates/doc/README.md

> ## Brief Overview of Templates in the Test Site

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Brief Overview of Templates in the Vital DS
```

* [Generic Template](./Generic): A basic page with three slots for content and one for breadcrumbs.

> * [Product Detail Page](./ProductDetailPage): A page oriented to showcase a product and details

Reviewer: I think we shoudl indicate somehow that these are not yet implemented

Reviewer 2: Added a warning box. 👍

* Where to place Flow Containers, allowing flexible areas in the template.
* Different variations of Flow Containers that control what components could be added to an area.

## Content Editor Details

When you create a new page, it will create the new page using the default template.

### Change Template

![Template icon](../assets/PageTemplateIcon.jpg ':size=60')

To switch the template that a page is using:

01. Navigate to the page for which you'd like to change the template.
01. From the [Toolbar](/ContentEditorUserGuide/#toolbar), click **Page > Template** to open the
    _Choose a template for this page_ form.  
    !["Choose a template for this page" form](../assets/PageChooseTemplate.jpg ':size=50%')
01. Select the radio button of the template you'd like to switch to, and click the checkmark to
    confirm.
01. The page template should automatically update.

## Site Builder Details

> 

Author: A Site builder can use [gatsby template](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/conceptual/building-with-components/#page-template-components) within the site and place the created template components directly within the template.

The Vital Design offers an alternative method to using gatsby templates that allows content editor a choice to quickly switch a page between templates.    A generic Page component is placed on the sites' gatsby _default template file and this component offers individual template/layout components to choose from.   Each 'template/layout' component  is a component that renders the pages contents in its  specific requirements.

### Configure Available Templates

The list of available templates in the _Choose a template for this page_ form is configurable via
the
[`cxPage`](https://github.com/johnsonandjohnson/Bodiless-JS/tree/main/packages/cx-templates/src/components/Page
':target=_blank') Component.

01. First, create a Page token defining what templates and their tokens should apply to a page
    option, and export as necessary.
    ```js
    const Default = asFluidToken({
      ...cxPage.Default,
      Components: {
        _default: on(GenericTemplateClean)(cxGenericTemplate.Default),
        PDP: on(PDPClean)(cxPDP.Default),
        PLP: on(PLPClean)(cxPLP.Default),
      },
    });

    export default {
      ...cxPage,
      Default,
    };
    ```
01. Within the `_default.jsx` file in the `sites/SITE-NAME/src/templates` directory, it will call

>     using this token.

Author: replace "it will call using this token" 
to 
the _default template will then call the page component created from the previous step.   This will replace the gatsby _default content with the 'page template component' and editor functionality to allow content editor to switch between template components.

    ```js
    const DefaultPage = as(__cxstarter__Page.Default)(Fragment);

    export default DefaultPage;
    ```

> <!-- TODO:

Author: Actually there might not be another step -- @wodenx ?

To switch the template that a page is using:

01. Navigate to the page for which you'd like to change the template.
01. From the [Toolbar](/ContentEditorUserGuide/#toolbar), click **Page > Template** to open the
    _Choose a template for this page_ form.  
    !["Choose a template for this page" form](../assets/PageChooseTemplate.jpg ':size=50%')
01. Select the radio button of the template you'd like to switch to, and click the checkmark to
    confirm.
01. The page template should automatically update.

## Site Builder Details

As a Site Builder, you can use a Gatsby template within your site and place the created template
components directly within the template.

The Vital Design System offers an alternative method to using Gatsby templates that allows Content
Editors a choice to quickly switch a page between templates. A generic Page component is placed in
the site's Gatsby `_default` template file, and this component offers individual template/layout
components to choose from. Each of these template/layout components is a component that renders the
pages' contents in its specific requirements.

### Configure Available Templates

> The list of available templates in the _Choose a template for this page_ form is configurable via

Reviewer: @hvanyo  Do we want to document htis method or do it via shadowing?

Author: @misterjones  I would add the section above this that templates could be shadowed/preferred/etc.  the usual and then change this section title as customizing without shadowing.  think it has value to not just delete it.
